Hi Ramli and Edy

I hope you are both ok in these difficult times, wherever you are in lockdown.
When I stayed in Tetebatu in early March, me and Ramli spoke about how many businesses in Tetebatu need a website.
Now that I have a bit of time, I would like to build a website for the whole village.

There would be no charge from me - many people in Tetebatu were kind to me so I just want to help.
Hopefully when the lockdown is over a website would help to restart tourism in the village!

Let me know if you are interested and I can tell you the next steps

All the best
James

-----

See, Eat/Drink, Stay
High-quality photos 
Details of the first 10 businesses
Design inspirations?
Just simply info
No charge but need for a domain name and possibly hosting costs

-----

I will get started on the website and keep you updated as I go. When you have time please can you send me some things:
• Information for the first 10 businesses that you want to be on the website (name, description, address, contact)
• Any high-quality photos of Tetebatu and that you would like to use on the website
• If you any ideas for how you want it to look, let me know - maybe there are some other websites which you like the design of?

As I said, my work on making the website will be free. However, there are some costs to pay to other people for keeping the website online once it is finished:
• 'domain name' like visittetebatu.com US$ 1-20 per year
• 'web hosting' around US$ 50 per year, but I have some ideas to get it for free

Thanks


Group Chat Bios
---------------

Bram (Guide): A friendly host at Indah Homestay, Bram often runs tours for his guests and any other visitors to Tetebatu.

Bram (Indah Homestay): Run by a local family, Indah Homestay is only a short walk from the waterfalls and rice terraces of central Tetebatu. While staying in the en-suite rooms you can also enjoy delicious home-cooked food and free breakfast.

Ross (Guide): With great knowledge of Lombok from south of Tetebatu to Mount Rinjani national park, one of Ross's most popular itineraries takes you on a trek through rice fields, Tetebatu's Black Monkey Forest, and up Mt. Rinjani over just two days and one night.

Ed (Guide): Young and adventurous, Ed knows the Tetebatu area well and is always happy to show visitors the natural beauty that lies nearby.

Edy (Oktavia Warung): Visit Oktavia Warung for some wonderful Sasak food in a quaint outdoor setting. You are sure to be welcomed by the owner - Edy - and gain some invaluable local knowledge from his time as tour guide.



